
Field	Value
Alert ID	alert-0-50
Correlation ID	8eb9934c-dbd8-4b92-8401-47169535c856
Scenario	failed login attempts
Risk Score	100
User	svc-backup
Host	host-02
Event Type	privilege_escalation

How complete is the available evidence?
Good

How confident are you that the evidence supports the reported alert?
High

Which evidence influenced your judgement the most?
Each evidence by itself was not enough to make the decision, but put them all together and the event look very unusual 

Provider
"high number of failed login attempts"
"large outbound data transfer"
"abnormally high process count"
"login/source country is outside normal profile"
"suspicious event type: privilege_escalation"
"Isolation Forest marked this event as anomalous"
"user-specific fingerprint deviation z=253.2175"
The explanation is understandable.
Agree

The explanation clearly connects the evidence with the recommendation.
Agree

Did the explanation change your understanding of the case?
Yes

It Provided more info about the event in an easy to understand language
Rate your confidence **after reading the explanation**.
High

Did the explanation introduce information that was not obvious from the original evidence?
Yes

Did the explanation increase your trust in the AI recommendation?
Increased

Did you independently verify the explanation against the available evidence?
Yes

The RAI assessment is easy to understand.
Yes

The governance assessment helped me understand the risks of the AI recommendation.
Neutral 

The governance assessment provided useful information that was not obvious from the detector output.
Neutral

Did the RAI assessment influence your thinking?
No


The Meta-AI review helped me better understand the AI investigation.
Agree

The Meta-AI review identified useful limitations of the AI recommendation.
Neutral

The Meta-AI review encouraged me to verify the available evidence.
Neutral

Overall, how useful was the Meta-AI review?
Slightly useful

Choose one action.
Accept AI Recommendation

How confident are you in your decision?
Very high

Explain why you selected your decision.
All of the findings indicate of an unusual and suspicious activity by the "user". a lot of failed login attempts from an unusual country and the actions themselves do not track the regular routine of the user

Which components influenced your decision?
Detector Evidence
XAI Explanation
Responsible AI Assessment

Which statement best describes how you reached your final decision?
Multiple information sources contributed equally to my final decision.

In one or two sentences, describe the most important factor that influenced your final decision.
Each factor on its own was not enough to get to the decision, but combining the unusual country, the many failed attempts and the unusual time usage were the main factors 
